# Tracknaliser-Working-Group-17

## Greetings!

Welcome to the tracknaliser package, this is a simple package implemented by **Group 17** for the **Assignment 2** of the UCL
[MPHY0021](https://moodle.ucl.ac.uk/course/view.php?id=6297) module.
This package enables you to use, visualise and analyse geographical tracks generated by a webapp supplied [here](https://ucl-rse-with-python.herokuapp.com/road-tracks/).

## Installation

1. Download the compressed folder, place it to destination direction.
2. The compressed folder should be tar.gz or .zip (.7z) file.
- if it is tar.gz file, then use ` tar zxf xxxxx.tar.gz  ` command to uncompress it (N.B. xxxxx.tar.gz is the name of the compressed file).
- if it is .zip or .7z file, just use normal way to unzip it.
3. Enter the directory named 'repository'.
4. Then you can use 'pip' command to install the package
` pip install .`
5. The package should be installed properly if all the required libraries are installed.

### Pre-requirements:
This package requires **numpy, matplotlib, mock, doctest and request** to be correctly installed.

## Usage

### Generate docs

1. Go to the tracknaliser/docs directory
2. In the terminal, run the `make html` command 
3. Then run the `python -m http.server -d _build/html/`command
4. Click on link output by command

### Use the command line interface

1. User can specify the start point and end point of tracks in a 300\*300 area, and then obtain information of 'the greenest track' (which means the track with minimum CO2 emission)  among 50 tracks found by the webapp provided in the 'Greetings!' section. 
2. This is done by using the `greentrack` command and several arguments. The arguments are:
- --start 
- --end
- [--verbose]
	--start is used to specify the coordinate of the start point, this argument will accept two integer as the x-coordinate and y-coordinate of the start point.
	--end  is used to specify the coordinate of the end point, this argument will accept two integer as the x-coordinate and y-coordinate of the end point.
	[--verbose] is an optional argument used to specify whether to generate detailed information of the track. By default, this argument is set to FALSE.
3. Here are some examples on how to use the command line interface and the example outputs:

```bash
$ greentrack --start 12 15 --end 25 46 
Path: (12, 15), (12, 46), (25, 46) 
CO2: 2.31 kg
Time: 0:23:00
```

```bash
$ greentrack --start 12 15 --end 25 46 --verbose 
Path:
- Start from (12, 15)
- Go north for 31 km, turn right at (12, 46)
- Go east for 13 km,
- reach your estination at (25, 46) CO2: 2.31 kg
Time: 0:23:00

```

### Library-style interface

After installing the package, user can directly use the `load_trackfile` function and `query_tracks` function by the following import sentence:
`from tracknaliser import query_tracks` or `from tracknaliser import load_trackfile`.

These functions would return a `Tracks` object, which were specified in the package.	

